Doc: Rewrite the storage.rst file to emphasize untyped storages (#140145)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/storage.rst

torch.Storage
=============

In PyTorch, a regular tensor is a multi-dimensional array that is defined by the following components:

  - Storage: The actual data of the tensor, stored as a contiguous, one-dimensional array of bytes.
  - ``dtype``: The data type of the elements in the tensor, such as torch.float32 or torch.int64.
  - ``shape``: A tuple indicating the size of the tensor in each dimension.
  - Stride: The step size needed to move from one element to the next in each dimension.

>   - Offset: The starting point in the storage from which the tensor data begins.

Reviewer: should we mention that this is commonly 0 for newly initialized tensors?

Author: I think that's a good idea yes!

These components together define the structure and data of a tensor, with the storage holding the
actual data and the rest serving as metadata.

Untyped Storage API
-------------------

An untyped storage is a fundamental concept in PyTorch, representing a contiguous, one-dimensional array of bytes.
It serves as the underlying data container for tensors.
A :class:`torch.UntypedStorage` is a contiguous, one-dimensional array of elements. Its length is equal to the number of
bytes of the tensor.
In general, a tensor created in PyTorch using regular constructors such as :func:`~torch.zeros`, :func:`~torch.zeros_like`
or :func:`~torch.Tensor.new_zeros` will produce tensors where there is a one-to-one correspondence between the tensor
storage and the tensor itself.

> But a storage also allows multiple tensors to share the same storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, a storage is allowed to be shared by multiple tensors.
```

> For instance, any view of a tensor (obtained through :meth:`~torch.Tensor.view` or some but not all kinds of indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, any view of a tensor (obtained through :meth:`~torch.Tensor.view` or some, but not all, kinds of indexing
```

> like integers and slices) will point to the same underlying tensor as the original one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like integers and slices) will point to the same underlying storage as the original tensor.
```

When serializing and deserializing tensors that share a common storage, the relationship is preserved, and the tensors
continue to point to the same storage. Interestingly, deserializing multiple tensors that point to a single storage
can be faster than deserializing multiple independent tensors.

A tensor storage can be accessed through the :meth:`~torch.Tensor.untyped_storage` method. This will return an object of
type :class:`torch.UntypedStorage`.
Fortunately, storages have a unique identifier called accessed through the :meth:`torch.UntypedStorage.data_ptr` method.
In regular settings, two tensors with the same data storage will have the same storage ``data_ptr``. However, this is
not true for the tensors themselves: for instance, a tensor with a ``data`` and a ``grad`` value actually points to two

> independent storages and hence require a ``data_ptr()`` of its own.

Reviewer: This sentence is unclear. Maybe  " However, tensors themselves can point to two separate storages, one for its ``data`` attribute and another for its ``grad`` attribute. Each will require a ``data_ptr()`` of its own.

Untyped storages are somewhat independent of the tensors that are built on them. Practically, this means that tensors
with different dtypes or shape can point to the same storage. It also implies that a tensor storage can be changed, as

> the following example shows:

Reviewer: Maybe we want to include a sentence here to suggest that this is NOT recommended behavior, but is included to show a point?

    >>> t = torch.ones(3)
    >>> s0 = t.untyped_storage()
    >>> s0
     0
     0
     128
     63
     0
     0
     128
     63
     0
     0
     128
     63
    [torch.storage.UntypedStorage(device=cpu) of size 12]
    >>> s1 = s0.clone()
    >>> s1.fill_(0)
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
     0
    [torch.storage.UntypedStorage(device=cpu) of size 12]
    >>> # Fill the tensor with a zeroed storage

>     >>> t.set_(s1, storage_offset=t.storage_offset(), stride=t.stride(), size=t.size())

Reviewer: i.e., we don't recommend people modify tensors through storage APIs, but through things like fill_() and copy

    tensor([0., 0., 0.])

> Other than their ``data_ptr``, untyped storage also have other attributes such as :attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.filename`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other than ``data_ptr``, untyped storage also have other attributes such as :attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.filename`
```

(in case the storage points to a file on disk), :attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.device` or
:attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.is_cuda` for device checks. A storage can also be manipulated in-place or
out-of-place with methods like :attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.copy_`, :attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.fill_` or
:attr:`~torch.UntypedStorage.pin_memory`. FOr more information, check the API

> reference below. Keep in mind that modifying storages is a low-level API and comes with some risks.

Author: should this be a warning? should we put it earlier?

Reviewer: yea maybe a bigger disclaimer that people should not be playing with storages in the first place 😛  and that this doc is mostly for informational value.

> reference below. Keep in mind that modifying storages is a low-level API and comes with some risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reference below. Keep in mind that modifying storages is a low-level API and comes with risks!
```

Also mention that those same APIs are on the highlevel Tensor objects and should be what people try first?

.. autoclass:: torch.UntypedStorage
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :inherited-members:

Special cases
-------------

We mentioned that a tensor that has a non-None ``grad`` attribute has actually two pieces of data within it.
In this case, :meth:`~torch.Tensor.untyped_storage` will return the storage of the :attr:`~torch.Tensor.data` attribute,
whereas the storage of the gradient can be obtained through ``tensor.grad.untyped_storage()``.

    >>> t = torch.zeros(3, requires_grad=True)
    >>> t.sum().backward()
    >>> assert list(t.untyped_storage()) == [0] * 12  # the storage of the tensor is just 0s
    >>> assert list(t.grad.untyped_storage()) != [0] * 12  # the storage of the gradient isn't

There are also special cases where tensors do not have a typical storage, or no storage at all:
  - Tensors on ``"meta"`` device: Tensors on the ``"meta"`` device are used for shape inference
    and do not hold actual data.

>   - Fake Tensors: Another internal tool used by PyTorch's compiler are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fake Tensors: Another internal tool used by PyTorch's compiler is
```

>     `FakeTensor <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torch.compiler_fake_tensor.html>`_ which are based on a similar idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `FakeTensor <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torch.compiler_fake_tensor.html>`_ which is based on a similar idea.
```

> Tensor subclasses or tensor-like object may also display unusual behaviours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensor subclasses or tensor-like objects can also display unusual behaviours. In general, we do not
expect many use cases to require operating at the Storage level!
```

or something to this effect

like integers and slices) will point to the same underlying storage as the original tensor.
When serializing and deserializing tensors that share a common storage, the relationship is preserved, and the tensors
continue to point to the same storage. Interestingly, deserializing multiple tensors that point to a single storage
can be faster than deserializing multiple independent tensors.

A tensor storage can be accessed through the :meth:`~torch.Tensor.untyped_storage` method. This will return an object of
type :class:`torch.UntypedStorage`.
Fortunately, storages have a unique identifier called accessed through the :meth:`torch.UntypedStorage.data_ptr` method.
In regular settings, two tensors with the same data storage will have the same storage ``data_ptr``.
However, tensors themselves can point to two separate storages, one for its data attribute and another for its grad
attribute. Each will require a ``data_ptr()`` of its own. In general, there is no guarantee that a
:meth:`torch.Tensor.data_ptr` and :meth:`torch.UntypedStorage.data_ptr` match and this should not be assumed to be true.

> 

Author: @janeyx99 
because, well, why should they?
```python
>>> import torch
>>> t = torch.randn(3)
>>> t.data_ptr()
4381977408
>>> t.untyped_storage().data_ptr()   # unsurprising
4381977408
>>> t.data_ptr()  # fine
4381977408
>>> t[:2].data_ptr()  # sure
4381977408
>>> t[2:].data_ptr()  # abracadabra!
4381977416
>>> t[2:].untyped_storage().data_ptr()  # back to normal
4381977408
```
